# Meeting Notes - 19/11/21

## Week 8 Meeting 

### Progress 

- Dealt with the issue that was raised over the weekend - p5js was no longer allowing connection using uart.js 
- Continued with the implementation of face tracking 
- Started research on the third stage 


### Discussion 

- Discussed the issue with p5.js - decided to move to GitHub pages to host the webpage 
- Some work should be done on the repository to make it more appealling - update the readme file 
- Focus on always created demos - a good way to demonstrate progress and how it works 


### Next Weeks Goals 

- Continue with implementation 
- Transfer code to GitHub pages 

### Other Meeting Notes 

- N/A